in archival consistency we've actually
gone through the patrol box set up that
includes two Rubbermaid action packers
for each patrol first box contains a
central patrol gear such as a converted
Coleman to burner stove that we've
converted for use for propane who's the
adapter core or the adapter hose and a
propane converter those actually go
inside though for storage and transport
in this particular box the stove goes in
first get alongside it the propane
Lantern fatwood fire starter matches or
the lighter trash bags
aluminum foil and one official BSA trail
adventure fly with its ropes along with
that
area clean
this patrol box stays at the very top of
our patrol gear in the trailer so that
as its pulled out the fly is immediately
available in a rain situation to be held
over patrol members as they set up their
tents personal gear stays in the back of
the trailer so that it's not pulled out
so that it's not pulled out until patrol
gear set up on the kitchen side starting
off with a large pot for boiling
sanitizing and then nested in each of
the pots all the way down to a small pot
for coffee or hot chocolate associated
with each of those or your pot lids in
the back of the frying pans a griddle
colander each control has a coleman
exponent backpacking gear that's nested
and only used for backpacking plates and
a frying pan
seems smaller coated towels pot holders
so that each patrol can tell the
difference between their gear and the
next appropriate utensils everything you
need for cooking and will be acquiring
utensil holders to put in for safety and
one of our assistant Scout masters has
already started creating sheets for each
one of the patrol knives and then lastly
two measuring cup and scrubby's so
everything is contained in one box easy
to get out easy to keep clean and able
to inventory for each trip and also at
the end of each six month term for every
patrol leader so that every patrol is
accountable they have consistent gear
and they're able to
to maintain their gear appropriately